okay so right there I can't
this is nice this is not heal yet but
this dog will feel about this exercise
now your groups meddling around
when did you out be out and then citizen
fine
you
maybe like keep tugging if you don't
like
but I don't like it
yeah no I out her first and then when
she's ready she's like in and out she
expects me to be Reaper to get a rebuy
sit she sits then he could reward
Technologist behaviors in between the
reload of this box it should be
and you got it if you do sitting it out
when you get to your dumbbells what
happens it ox it gets in the habit of
spitting out you don't do she's using
out to control the dog move pulling in
order to get the out had been bettered
if she can't down the dog and then help
if she has to do that or grab what she
did grab the dogs tabs the dog camp
how does it go
you got it then the in the build-up you
got it you got it
that's why yeah that's why I'm I don't
necessarily send Mordecai with the dog
in the shield position out for the girl
that's why I'm City and leaving on the
box of sending outside of them off of
the heel
so it's leave on the box I sent him down
the field right because I'm never gonna
heal with him on the bottom like that
right so then he understands of the part
of boom run to be on the field my focal
point is down the field then I can teach
a me through me you get the focal point
look at me I send you down the field
you've got it you got it
but it's two parts where the dog really
understands firmly my job exactly then
your healing dog was like man come on
dad sitting you send me send me
fun together
this is called the terminal bridge
termination where she's getting yes
which means she's popping the cleaner
hand
good shake it
discrimination the dog has to wait to
hear which which where the values
predicted
this dog has she's kind of reworking the
healing
but she's made me sure that she's using
the 20 left hand to get the head
position that she wants and everything
she's got the vicious watch
but if she didn't have that 20 left hand
yes
but what could happen is the dog starts
now the reward and he knows outside this
is from the person
you
and you regardless of the intend reward
from here
yet
you can help it's noodles yeah they
wasn't clear in the picture